---
title: Tbonus Pro Introduction
hide_table_of_contents: true
---

Tbonus Pro (hereinafter referred to as TP), established by Tlark Custody LTD, is a digital-asset custody and financial-product management platform. It is supported by Tokencan in HongKong, TenetDS in Korea, 1475 Team in China, Chainup in Singapore and other professional institutions in both product operation and technology development.  TP team members came from world-class Internet companies, like Baidu, Google, UnionPay, Huawei, and have rich experience in fiance, big data, AI, hardware, storage technology and decentralized encryption.

TP has established partnerships or coordinated with multiple exchanges, 150 wallets, 120 liquidity providers, 500 Waas Union customers and over a thousand of miners. Leveraging its advantages, TP rolls out “PoS Pool” for crypto users, “Points Pool” for traditional customers, “VIP Node”for high-net asset personnel, “Mining Pool”in collecting pledge coin for sealing real data on Filecoin network, and ZettaPool for retail storage power investors. Besides, it has also established Filecoin Mining Fund, DeFi Fund, Quantitative FOF and other Token Fund.

Tfil is a point mechanism in TP. TP point is quite different from other ordinary points because it is pegged with specific financial product. At the moment, Tfil is pegged with 0.001T Filecoin storage power. Calculated by the current price, 1 Tfil equals to 400 Korean Won. Going forward, Tfil can be pegged to a basket of financial assets valued 400KRW. Any users are able to buy the points at any time and stake them in “Points Pool” to earn interest. Tfil has a stable price, which can be used to swap any products on TP, including specific stablecoins like Metacoin, USDT, USDC, etc.

The most valuable digital assets will be in metaverse in the future. The economic or financial system of metaverse will be composed of NFT and governance tokens. Assets must be managed by professional teams, so that they can be appreciated. As such, TP aims to be one of the top management teams to help customers manage best metaverse assets or tokens. This will not only enrich TP asset pools, but also bring TP’s users high value-added financial services.

TP team’s suit of products are based on scientific analysis and created based on market conditions. Now TP has successfully entered marketplaces in Korea, China, Hong Kong China, Japan, India, Southeast Asia, South America, Africa and established cooperation corporations. This lays solid foundation for carrying out businesses in local markets and empowers TP to offer customized digital-asset custody and financial services. 